README.md, before:

![PiggyFactions Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/master/resources/img/PiggyFactions-banner.png)

# PiggyFactions [![Poggit-CI](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.dl/PiggyFactions)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/PiggyFactions) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/330850307607363585?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/qmnDsSD)

PiggyFactions is an open-sourced factions plugin for [PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP).

## Disclaimer
PiggyFactions is currently in beta. While we have tested quite thoroughly, there may exist some bugs. Please report any issue on GitHub. 

## Table of Contents
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Features](#features)
* [Installation & Setup](#installation--setup)
* Commands and Permissions
  * [Commands](#commands)
  * [Permissions](#permissions)
* [Flags](#flags)
* [Admin Mode](#admin-mode)
* Chat Formatting
  * [HRKChat Tags](#hrkchat-tags)
  * [PureChat Tags](#purechat-tags)
* [ScoreHUD Addon](#scorehud-addon)
* [Issue Reporting](#issue-reporting)
* [Additional Information](#additional-information)
* [License](#license)

## Prerequisites
* Basic knowledge on how to install plugins from Poggit Releases and/or Poggit CI
* PMMP 3.2.0 or greater
* mysql & sqlite3 PHP extensions (should already exist within your PHP binaries)
* Economy type supported by libPiggyEconomy:
  * [EconomyAPI](https://github.com/onebone/EconomyS/tree/3.x/EconomyAPI) by onebone
  * [MultiEconomy](https://github.com/TwistedAsylumMC/MultiEconomy) by TwistedAsylumMC
  * PMMP Player EXP

## Features
| Feature | PiggyFactions | FactionsPro |
| --- | :-: | :-: |
| PiggyCE Integration | ✔ | ❌ |
| Hierarchy/HRKChat Integration | ✔ | ❌ |
| Economy Integration | ✔ | ❌ |
| Saves Players by UUID | ✔ | ❌ |
| Per Faction Permissions | ✔ | ❌ |
| SQLite3 Support | ✔ | ✔ |
| MySQL Support | ✔ | ❌ |
| Async Queries | ✔ | ❌ |
| Command Autocomplete | ✔ | ❌ |
| Form UI | ✔ | ❌ |
| Multi-Language Support | ✔ | ❌ |

## Installation & Setup
1. Install the plugin from Poggit.
2. (Optional) Setup the data provider that PiggyFactions will be using. By default, PiggyFactions will use SQLite3 which requires no additional setup. If you would like to use MySQL instead, change database.type from sqlite to mysql & enter your MySQL credentials under database.mysql. 
3. (Optional) You may configure certain faction features in the `config.yml` file.
4. (Optional) You may configure messages in the `messages.yml` file.
5. (Optional) You may want to setup safezones & warzones
   1. Run the command `/f admin`
   2. Create a faction (preferably named Safezone/Warzone)
   3. Set the appropriate flags (either safezone/warzone) with `/f flag`
   4. Claim chunks for their respective types
   5. Leave the faction
6. You're done!

## Commands
| Command | Description | Permissions | Aliases |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `/f` | PiggyFactions main command | `piggyfactions.command.faction.use` |
| `/f admin` | Toggle admin mode | `piggyfactions.command.faction.admin` |
| `/f ally <faction>` | Ally with other factions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.ally` |
| `/f allychat` | Toggle ally chat | `piggyfactions.command.faction.allychat` | `/f ac` |
| `/f ban <player>` | Ban a member from your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.ban` |
| `/f chat` | Toggle faction chat | `piggyfactions.command.faction.chat` | `/f c` |
| `/f claim` | Claim a chunk | `piggyfactions.command.faction.claim` |
| `/f create <name>` | Create a faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.create` |
| `/f deposit <money>` | Deposit money into faction bank | `piggyfactions.command.faction.deposit` |
| `/f description <description>` | Set faction description | `piggyfactions.command.faction.description` | `/f desc` |
| `/f demote <player>` | Demote a faction member | `piggyfactions.command.faction.demote` |
| `/f disband` | Disband your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.disband` |
| `/f enemy <faction>` | Mark faction as an enemy | `piggyfactions.command.faction.enemy` |
| `/f flag <flag>` | Manage faction flags | `piggyfactions.command.faction.flag` |
| `/f fly` | Fly within faction territory | `piggyfactions.command.faction.fly` |
| `/f help [page]` | Display command information | `piggyfactions.command.faction.help` |
| `/f home` | Teleport to faction home | `piggyfactions.command.faction.home` |
| `/f info [faction]` | Display faction info | `piggyfactions.command.faction.info` | `/f who` |
| `/f invite <player>` | Invite a player to your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.invite` |
| `/f join <faction>` | Join a faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.join` |
| `/f kick <player>` | Kick a member from your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.kick` |
| `/f language <language>` | Change personal language for PiggyFactions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.language` | `/f lang` |
| `/f leader <player>` | Transfer leadership of your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.leader` |
| `/f leave` | Leave your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.leave` |
| `/f logs` | View your faction logs | `piggyfactions.command.faction.logs` |
| `/f map` | View map of area | `piggyfactions.command.faction.map` |
| `/f money` | View faction bank balance | `piggyfactions.command.faction.money` |
| `/f motd <motd>` | Set faction MOTD | `piggyfactions.command.faction.motd` |
| `/f name <name>` | Rename your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.name` |
| `/f neutral <faction>` | Reset relation with another faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.neutral` |
| `/f permission <role> <permission> [value]` | Set faction role permissions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.permission` | `/f perms` |
| `/f promote <player>` | Promote a faction member | `piggyfactions.command.faction.promote` |
| `/f seechunk` | Toggle chunk visualizer | `piggyfactions.command.faction.seechunk` | `/f sc` |
| `/f sethome` | Set faction home | `piggyfactions.command.faction.sethome` |
| `/f setpower` | Set player power | `piggyfactions.command.faction.setpower` |
| `/f top [type] [page]` | Display top factions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.top` |
| `/f truce <faction>` | Truce with other factions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.truce` |
| `/f unally <faction>` | End faction alliance | `piggyfactions.command.faction.unally` |
| `/f unban <player>` | Unban a member from your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.unban` |
| `/f unclaim` | Unclaim a chunk | `piggyfactions.command.faction.unclaim` |
| `/f withdraw <money>` | Withdraw money from faction bank | `piggyfactions.command.faction.withdraw` |

## Permissions
| Permissions | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `piggyfactions` | Allow usage of all PiggyFactions features | `op` |
| `piggyfactions.command` | Allow usage of all PiggyFactions commands | `op`|
| `piggyfactions.command.faction` | Allow usage of /f subcommands | `op` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.use` | Allow usage of /f | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.admin` | Allow usage of /f admin | `op` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.ally` | Allow usage of /f ally | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.allychat` | Allow usage of /f allychat | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.ban` | Allow usage of /f ban | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.chat` | Allow usage of /f chat | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.claim` | Allow usage of /f claim | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.create` | Allow usage of /f create | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.demote` | Allow usage of /f demote | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.deposit` | Allow usage of /f deposit | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.description` | Allow usage of /f description | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.disband` | Allow usage of /f disband | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.enemy` | Allow usage of /f enemy | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.flag` | Allow usage of /f flag | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.fly` | Allow usage of /f fly | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.help` | Allow usage of /f help | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.home` | Allow usage of /f home | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.info` | Allow usage of /f info | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.invite` | Allow usage of /f invite | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.join` | Allow usage of /f join | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.kick` | Allow usage of /f kick | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.language` | Allow usage of /f language | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.leader` | Allow usage of /f leader | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.leave` | Allow usage of /f leave | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.logs` | Allow usage of /f logs | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.map` | Allow usage of /f map | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.money` | Allow usage of /f money | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.motd` | Allow usage of /f motd | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.name` | Allow usage of /f name | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.neutral` | Allow usage of /f neutral | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.permission` | Allow usage of /f permission | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.promote` | Allow usage of /f promote | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.seechunk` | Allow usage of /f seechunk | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.sethome` | Allow usage of /f sethome | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.setpower` | Allow usage of /f setpower | `op` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.top` | Allow usage of /f top | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.truce` | Allow usage of /f truce | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.unally` | Allow usage of /f unally | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.unban` | Allow usage of /f unban | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.unclaim` | Allow usage of /f unclaim | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.withdraw` | Allow usage of /f withdraw | `true` |

## Flags
| Flag | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `open` | Anyone is able to join the faction |
| `safezone` | Mark current faction as a SafeZone |
| `warzone` | Mark current faction as a WarZone |

## Admin Mode
To enable Admin mode, use the command `/f admin`. Admin mode will allow you to modify claimed faction lands, forcibly unclaim faction lands, etc. Nearly all [commands](#commands) have support for admin mode. <br/>
**NOTE:** `/f admin` should be toggled off when you are not using it to prevent accidental modifications. Admin mode will automatically be disabled upon server restart.

## HRKChat Tags
Sample Format: `&6{{piggyfacs.rank.symbol}}{{piggyfacs.name}} &r&7{{hrk.displayName}}&r: {{msg}}`
| Tag Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `piggyfacs.name` | Player's faction name |
| `piggyfacs.power` | Player's faction power |
| `piggyfacs.rank.name` | Faction rank name |
| `piggyfacs.rank.symbol` | Faction rank symbol |
| `piggyfacs.members.all` | Total member count |
| `piggyfacs.members.online` | Online member count |

## PureChat Tags
You will need to download our fork of PureChat for PiggyFactions integration [here](https://poggit.pmmp.io/r/85616/PureChat_pr-10.phar). <br/>
Make sure to change `default-factions-plugin` to `PiggyFactions` in PureChat's `config.yml` <br/>
Sample Format: `&6{fac_rank}{fac_name} &r&7{display_name}&r: {msg}`
| Tag Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `{fac_name}` | Player's faction name |
| `{fac_rank}` | Faction rank symbol |

## ScoreHud Addon
An addon for [JackMD's ScoreHud](https://github.com/JackMD/ScoreHud) can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/DaPigGuy/07442f8b98a70e5973a528e4516e35d1).

## Issue Reporting
* If you experience an unexpected non-crash behavior with PiggyFactions, click [here](https://github.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/issues/new?assignees=DaPigGuy&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=).
* If you experience a crash in PiggyFactions, click [here](https://github.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/issues/new?assignees=DaPigGuy&labels=bug&template=crash.md&title=).
* If you would like to suggest a feature to be added to PiggyFactions, click [here](https://github.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/issues/new?assignees=DaPigGuy&labels=suggestion&template=suggestion.md&title=).
* If you require support, please join our discord server [here](https://discord.gg/qmnDsSD).
* Do not file any issues related to outdated API version; we will resolve such issues as soon as possible.
* We do not support any spoons of PocketMine-MP. Anything to do with spoons (Issues or PRs) will be ignored.
  * This includes plugins that modify PocketMine-MP's behavior directly, such as TeaSpoon.

## Additional Information
* We do not support any spoons. Anything to do with spoons (Issues or PRs) will be ignored.
* We are using the following virions: [Commando](https://github.com/CortexPE/Commando), [libasynql](https://github.com/poggit/libasynql), and [libFormAPI](https://github.com/jojoe77777/FormAPI).
    * **Unless you know what you are doing, use the pre-compiled phar from [Poggit-CI](https://poggit.pmmp.io/ci/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/~) and not GitHub.**
    * If you wish to run it via source, check out [DEVirion](https://github.com/poggit/devirion).

## License
```
   Copyright 2020 DaPigGuy

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

```
"[Castle](https://pixabay.com/images/id-2672317/)" vector graphic used in the [banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/master/resources/img/PiggyFactions-banner.png) and [icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/master/resources/img/PiggyFactions-icon.png) is licensed under the [Pixabay License](https://pixabay.com/service/license/).

Commit message:

Chinese Traditional & Spanish Translations from Transifex

README.md, after:

![PiggyFactions Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/master/resources/img/PiggyFactions-banner.png)

# PiggyFactions [![Poggit-CI](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.dl/PiggyFactions)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/PiggyFactions) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/330850307607363585?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/qmnDsSD)

PiggyFactions is an open-sourced factions plugin for [PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP).

## Disclaimer
PiggyFactions is currently in beta. While we have tested quite thoroughly, there may exist some bugs. Please report any issue on GitHub. 

## Table of Contents
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Features](#features)
* [Installation & Setup](#installation--setup)
* Commands and Permissions
  * [Commands](#commands)
  * [Permissions](#permissions)
* [Flags](#flags)
* [Admin Mode](#admin-mode)
* Chat Formatting
  * [HRKChat Tags](#hrkchat-tags)
  * [PureChat Tags](#purechat-tags)
* [ScoreHUD Addon](#scorehud-addon)
* [Issue Reporting](#issue-reporting)
* [Additional Information](#additional-information)
* [License](#license)

## Prerequisites
* Basic knowledge on how to install plugins from Poggit Releases and/or Poggit CI
* PMMP 3.2.0 or greater
* mysql & sqlite3 PHP extensions (should already exist within your PHP binaries)
* Economy type supported by libPiggyEconomy:
  * [EconomyAPI](https://github.com/onebone/EconomyS/tree/3.x/EconomyAPI) by onebone
  * [MultiEconomy](https://github.com/TwistedAsylumMC/MultiEconomy) by TwistedAsylumMC
  * PMMP Player EXP

## Features
| Feature | PiggyFactions | FactionsPro |
| --- | :-: | :-: |
| PiggyCE Integration | ✔ | ❌ |
| Hierarchy/HRKChat Integration | ✔ | ❌ |
| Economy Integration | ✔ | ❌ |
| Saves Players by UUID | ✔ | ❌ |
| Per Faction Permissions | ✔ | ❌ |
| SQLite3 Support | ✔ | ✔ |
| MySQL Support | ✔ | ❌ |
| Async Queries | ✔ | ❌ |
| Command Autocomplete | ✔ | ❌ |
| Form UI | ✔ | ❌ |
| Multi-Language Support | ✔ | ❌ |

## Installation & Setup
1. Install the plugin from Poggit.
2. (Optional) Setup the data provider that PiggyFactions will be using. By default, PiggyFactions will use SQLite3 which requires no additional setup. If you would like to use MySQL instead, change database.type from sqlite to mysql & enter your MySQL credentials under database.mysql. 
3. (Optional) You may configure certain faction features in the `config.yml` file.
4. (Optional) You may configure messages in the `messages.yml` file.
5. (Optional) You may want to setup safezones & warzones
   1. Run the command `/f admin`
   2. Create a faction (preferably named Safezone/Warzone)
   3. Set the appropriate flags (either safezone/warzone) with `/f flag`
   4. Claim chunks for their respective types
   5. Leave the faction
6. You're done!

## Commands
| Command | Description | Permissions | Aliases |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `/f` | PiggyFactions main command | `piggyfactions.command.faction.use` |
| `/f admin` | Toggle admin mode | `piggyfactions.command.faction.admin` |
| `/f ally <faction>` | Ally with other factions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.ally` |
| `/f allychat` | Toggle ally chat | `piggyfactions.command.faction.allychat` | `/f ac` |
| `/f ban <player>` | Ban a member from your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.ban` |
| `/f chat` | Toggle faction chat | `piggyfactions.command.faction.chat` | `/f c` |
| `/f claim` | Claim a chunk | `piggyfactions.command.faction.claim` |
| `/f create <name>` | Create a faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.create` |
| `/f deposit <money>` | Deposit money into faction bank | `piggyfactions.command.faction.deposit` |
| `/f description <description>` | Set faction description | `piggyfactions.command.faction.description` | `/f desc` |
| `/f demote <player>` | Demote a faction member | `piggyfactions.command.faction.demote` |
| `/f disband` | Disband your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.disband` |
| `/f enemy <faction>` | Mark faction as an enemy | `piggyfactions.command.faction.enemy` |
| `/f flag <flag>` | Manage faction flags | `piggyfactions.command.faction.flag` |
| `/f fly` | Fly within faction territory | `piggyfactions.command.faction.fly` |
| `/f help [page]` | Display command information | `piggyfactions.command.faction.help` |
| `/f home` | Teleport to faction home | `piggyfactions.command.faction.home` |
| `/f info [faction]` | Display faction info | `piggyfactions.command.faction.info` | `/f who` |
| `/f invite <player>` | Invite a player to your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.invite` |
| `/f join <faction>` | Join a faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.join` |
| `/f kick <player>` | Kick a member from your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.kick` |
| `/f language <language>` | Change personal language for PiggyFactions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.language` | `/f lang` |
| `/f leader <player>` | Transfer leadership of your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.leader` |
| `/f leave` | Leave your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.leave` |
| `/f logs` | View your faction logs | `piggyfactions.command.faction.logs` |
| `/f map` | View map of area | `piggyfactions.command.faction.map` |
| `/f money` | View faction bank balance | `piggyfactions.command.faction.money` |
| `/f motd <motd>` | Set faction MOTD | `piggyfactions.command.faction.motd` |
| `/f name <name>` | Rename your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.name` |
| `/f neutral <faction>` | Reset relation with another faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.neutral` |
| `/f permission <role> <permission> [value]` | Set faction role permissions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.permission` | `/f perms` |
| `/f promote <player>` | Promote a faction member | `piggyfactions.command.faction.promote` |
| `/f seechunk` | Toggle chunk visualizer | `piggyfactions.command.faction.seechunk` | `/f sc` |
| `/f sethome` | Set faction home | `piggyfactions.command.faction.sethome` |
| `/f setpower` | Set player power | `piggyfactions.command.faction.setpower` |
| `/f top [type] [page]` | Display top factions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.top` |
| `/f truce <faction>` | Truce with other factions | `piggyfactions.command.faction.truce` |
| `/f unally <faction>` | End faction alliance | `piggyfactions.command.faction.unally` |
| `/f unban <player>` | Unban a member from your faction | `piggyfactions.command.faction.unban` |
| `/f unclaim` | Unclaim a chunk | `piggyfactions.command.faction.unclaim` |
| `/f withdraw <money>` | Withdraw money from faction bank | `piggyfactions.command.faction.withdraw` |

## Permissions
| Permissions | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `piggyfactions` | Allow usage of all PiggyFactions features | `op` |
| `piggyfactions.command` | Allow usage of all PiggyFactions commands | `op`|
| `piggyfactions.command.faction` | Allow usage of /f subcommands | `op` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.use` | Allow usage of /f | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.admin` | Allow usage of /f admin | `op` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.ally` | Allow usage of /f ally | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.allychat` | Allow usage of /f allychat | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.ban` | Allow usage of /f ban | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.chat` | Allow usage of /f chat | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.claim` | Allow usage of /f claim | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.create` | Allow usage of /f create | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.demote` | Allow usage of /f demote | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.deposit` | Allow usage of /f deposit | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.description` | Allow usage of /f description | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.disband` | Allow usage of /f disband | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.enemy` | Allow usage of /f enemy | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.flag` | Allow usage of /f flag | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.fly` | Allow usage of /f fly | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.help` | Allow usage of /f help | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.home` | Allow usage of /f home | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.info` | Allow usage of /f info | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.invite` | Allow usage of /f invite | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.join` | Allow usage of /f join | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.kick` | Allow usage of /f kick | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.language` | Allow usage of /f language | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.leader` | Allow usage of /f leader | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.leave` | Allow usage of /f leave | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.logs` | Allow usage of /f logs | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.map` | Allow usage of /f map | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.money` | Allow usage of /f money | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.motd` | Allow usage of /f motd | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.name` | Allow usage of /f name | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.neutral` | Allow usage of /f neutral | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.permission` | Allow usage of /f permission | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.promote` | Allow usage of /f promote | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.seechunk` | Allow usage of /f seechunk | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.sethome` | Allow usage of /f sethome | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.setpower` | Allow usage of /f setpower | `op` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.top` | Allow usage of /f top | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.truce` | Allow usage of /f truce | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.unally` | Allow usage of /f unally | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.unban` | Allow usage of /f unban | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.unclaim` | Allow usage of /f unclaim | `true` |
| `piggyfactions.command.faction.withdraw` | Allow usage of /f withdraw | `true` |

## Flags
| Flag | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `open` | Anyone is able to join the faction |
| `safezone` | Mark current faction as a SafeZone |
| `warzone` | Mark current faction as a WarZone |

## Admin Mode
To enable Admin mode, use the command `/f admin`. Admin mode will allow you to modify claimed faction lands, forcibly unclaim faction lands, etc. Nearly all [commands](#commands) have support for admin mode. <br/>
**NOTE:** `/f admin` should be toggled off when you are not using it to prevent accidental modifications. Admin mode will automatically be disabled upon server restart.

## HRKChat Tags
Sample Format: `&6{{piggyfacs.rank.symbol}}{{piggyfacs.name}} &r&7{{hrk.displayName}}&r: {{msg}}`
| Tag Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `piggyfacs.name` | Player's faction name |
| `piggyfacs.power` | Player's faction power |
| `piggyfacs.rank.name` | Faction rank name |
| `piggyfacs.rank.symbol` | Faction rank symbol |
| `piggyfacs.members.all` | Total member count |
| `piggyfacs.members.online` | Online member count |

## PureChat Tags
You will need to download our fork of PureChat for PiggyFactions integration [here](https://poggit.pmmp.io/r/85616/PureChat_pr-10.phar). <br/>
Make sure to change `default-factions-plugin` to `PiggyFactions` in PureChat's `config.yml` <br/>
Sample Format: `&6{fac_rank}{fac_name} &r&7{display_name}&r: {msg}`
| Tag Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `{fac_name}` | Player's faction name |
| `{fac_rank}` | Faction rank symbol |

## ScoreHud Addon
An addon for [JackMD's ScoreHud](https://github.com/JackMD/ScoreHud) can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/DaPigGuy/07442f8b98a70e5973a528e4516e35d1).

## Issue Reporting
* If you experience an unexpected non-crash behavior with PiggyFactions, click [here](https://github.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/issues/new?assignees=DaPigGuy&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=).
* If you experience a crash in PiggyFactions, click [here](https://github.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/issues/new?assignees=DaPigGuy&labels=bug&template=crash.md&title=).
* If you would like to suggest a feature to be added to PiggyFactions, click [here](https://github.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/issues/new?assignees=DaPigGuy&labels=suggestion&template=suggestion.md&title=).
* If you require support, please join our discord server [here](https://discord.gg/qmnDsSD).
* Do not file any issues related to outdated API version; we will resolve such issues as soon as possible.
* We do not support any spoons of PocketMine-MP. Anything to do with spoons (Issues or PRs) will be ignored.
  * This includes plugins that modify PocketMine-MP's behavior directly, such as TeaSpoon.

## Additional Information
* We do not support any spoons. Anything to do with spoons (Issues or PRs) will be ignored.
* We are using the following virions: [Commando](https://github.com/CortexPE/Commando), [libasynql](https://github.com/poggit/libasynql), and [libFormAPI](https://github.com/jojoe77777/FormAPI).
    * **Unless you know what you are doing, use the pre-compiled phar from [Poggit-CI](https://poggit.pmmp.io/ci/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/~) and not GitHub.**
    * If you wish to run it via source, check out [DEVirion](https://github.com/poggit/devirion).

## Translators
Translations for PiggyFactions are powered by our community translators:
<!-- **Chinese (Simplified)** - @Aericio, TGPNG, prprprprprprpr -->
* **Chinese (Traditional)** - @Taylarity
<!-- **Dutch** - @KingOfTurkey38 -->
<!-- **French** - Thouv (@adeynes), @ItsMax123 -->
* **German** - @SalmonDE
<!-- **Indonesian** - @SillierShark195 -->
<!-- **Korean** - @Nabibobettau -->
<!-- **Romanian** - @Gabitzuu -->
<!-- **Serbian** - yuriiscute53925 -->
* **Spanish** - @UnEnanoMas
<!-- **Turkish** - @KingOfTurkey38 -->

## License
```
   Copyright 2020 DaPigGuy

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

```
"[Castle](https://pixabay.com/images/id-2672317/)" vector graphic used in the [banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/master/resources/img/PiggyFactions-banner.png) and [icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaPigGuy/PiggyFactions/master/resources/img/PiggyFactions-icon.png) is licensed under the [Pixabay License](https://pixabay.com/service/license/).
